# Weather Dashboard App
The weather dashboard app will allow a user to select a popular city and view the weather of that location.
# Locations
There is a dropdown list of popular cities in the main dashboard container of the weather app that a user can view a list of locations, both domestically throughout the United States and internationally around the globe.  If a user selects New York City, then the real-time weather will display the weather, and other information (see below on what this other information is) will display for New York City.  If you then change from New York City to Seoul, South Korea, the weather will update accordingly to the current weather in Seoul, South Korea.  The locations are sorted alphabetically for easy navigation.
# Usability
Upon entering the weather dashboard web application, a user will be on the first city located in the list by default (which is Akureyri, Iceland).  The background will be an animated GIF of rain and a lightning bolt (I felt it is a clean, user-friendly background that people would think about when they hear about a weather application and it makes it easy to see the contents within the main container).  The user selects a city, for example, Baltimore, Maryland, and it'll display the real-time weather of Baltimore.  If you select Baltimore at 5:00 PM on Saturday, May 11, 2024, it'll say the current temperature (in degrees Fahrenheit) at the date/time but will change to the current temperature if checked again at 3:00 PM on Sunday, May 12, 2024.

Along with the real-time temperatures displayed, in the main container, there are two parts:  the left side and the right side.  On the left side, it'll display the current selected location's day of the week, along with the date (day, month, year) underneath it, followed by the selected location (in this case Baltimore, Maryland), an image of the current weather of the location, the temperature (in degrees in Fahrenheit), and the weather's condition type (more on that in the next section).  On the right side of the container, there are two additional sections:  top and bottom.  The top part of the right container will include a real-time seven-day forecast for the weather of the selected location (in this case Baltimore, Maryland), which will update in real time with the current day being the first in the list.  It will display an image of the current weather for that day's forecast, the day of the week, and the temperature (in degrees Fahrenheit).  The bottom part of the container will display the selected location's UV Index (a numeric value that also states if it is low, medium, or high), the humidity percentage, the wind speed in miles per hour, and the population of the location based on their most recent Census results.
# Weather Conditions
The weather conditions that could be shown for each location, include rain (with an image that has a cloud with raindrops), snow (with an image of a snowflake), clear (with an image of the sun), and cloudy (with an image of half a sun covered by clouds).
# Updateability
The real-time weather will update every hour on the hour, and the days of the week will change with the current day and the date reflecting the current date of the user using the app.  Each location's weather metrics will reflect that location's real-time weather.
# Data
The weather data has been pulled by using the OpenWeatherMap API.  I have a specific API key assigned to the app that can pull the data needed from the API and I have programmed it specifically to show the data accurately.  The original, default temperature was set in degrees Celsius.  I have converted that using the appropriate conversion formula to display the temperatures in degrees Fahrenheit.  I attempted to utilize both degrees Celsius and Fahrenheit, but it looked too cluttered and confusing, so just left it with the temperature that I use when checking the weather.  This would make it a smooth process to determine the accuracy of the final project for INF 655.  For a real-world project of this magnitude with a longer period of completion time, there would be a Celsius calculation included, as well.
